# Value Network model

Implementation where interaction strengths between types can be adapted in such a way that chains of types form. 
This Repository contains the following files:
- different_J.py
  - Used to produce adjacency matrices for value networks to the size of 5. 
- vc.pyx
  - This package is written in cython and contains the main functions of the value network model. It is used in the experiments_J.py and global_analysis.py. In the ipynbs a copy of this package is made as it was not possible to import it there. The package needs to be installed.
    Install the cython file using:

    ```
    python3 setup.py build_ext --inplace
    ```
- experiments_J.py
  - This file can be used to perform experiments with different value networks and temperatures. Returns pickles files with the lattice graphs for each timestep.
- global_analysis.py
  - This file analyses the global value network formations of the data generated by experiments_J.py. Returns pickles files with counts, counts std and which nodes are in the value network.
- SA_tiling.ipynb
  - Used to find the maximum number of value networks that fit in the lattice graph using Simulated Annealing.
- analysis_notebook.ipynb
  - Used to make plots.
- statistics.ipynb
  - Bootstrapping and Chi-Square Goodness-of-Fit test for the global analysis data and global expectation.
- Experiments_with_V
  - Result plots.

Manual to use the model:
1. Run the different_J.py
2. Install vc.pyx
3. Run experiments_J.py
4. Analyse the data using global_analysis.py
5. Do further analysis in the analysis.ipynb.

The data used for all analysis in my Thesis is too large for Github and can be transfered on request.


